![Greek Capital Letter Phi][phi]

# phi

Investigations into the golden ratio, Φ, mathematically and
visually, through code.

Most of the examples in this repository can be viewed on the web
at this url: *TODO*.

There may be certain scripts that were simply written to be run in
the console. This is mostly because they may be a bit more
technical than is accessible to the average interested party,
and/or they offer their own aesthetic appeal when printed to
stdout, and so they belong in that environment.

Nevertheless, instructions to run all the code will be provided
where necessary.

## Background
I recently picked up a book that explains some of the mathematical
principles behind the oft-mysticized number phi. (For those
interested, here is the [book][divine-book]). It details —among
other discussions about the aesthetically pleasing properties of
phi in nature, art, and architecture— some of the mathematical
situations in which the golden ratio (or golden mean) is present
and the fascinating attributes that surround its presence.

For some, it is just another number, and for others, it is revered
as an almost conscious order of the physical universe (some call
it the "divine proportion", asserting its relationship to the
gods). For me, at least, it is an interesting value, with a number
of intriguing appearances in nature and math.

You will find, here, a collection of scripts, graphs, static pages,
illustrative animations, and interactive graphics which are
exhibitions of the mathematical and aesthetic appeal of phi.

## Setup

### Web
*TODO*

### Node
*TODO*

### Python
*TODO*

## Contributing

All pull requests are welcome. For the most part, my experience
with certain languages is very limited, but I will try to include
any work that others feel belongs with this assortment.


[phi]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Phi.svg
[divine-book]: https://books.google.com/books/about/The_Divine_Proportion.html?id=rF0cj1I5KQcC
